README.md, before:

# 👾 Hello! I'm Ricky,

<!--
### 🌌 Overview
---
-->

</div>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

- 🐢 I'm a Sophmore at the University of Maryland majoring in Computer Science - Cybersecurity and minoring in Statistics
- 🔒 I'm passionate about Cybersecurity and dedicated to making it a lifelong pursuit
- 🛠️ I'm tackling challenges on HackTheBox, CTFs, and LeetCode to hone my skills
- 📖 I'm studying Web Application Security and Security Automation
- 🤝 I'm actively contributing to open-source projects and supporting others with their innovative products

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

<!-- ### 👨🏽‍💻 Languages and Technologies -->
<div align="center">
  
### Languages And Technologies

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Ansible" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/ansible/ansible-original.svg" />
  <img alt="AWS" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="Azure" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Bash" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192158606-7c2ef6bd-6e04-47cf-b5bc-da2797cb5bda.png" />
  <img alt="C" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/c/c-original.svg" />
  <img alt="C++" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" />
  <img alt="CSS" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg"/>
  <img alt="Docker" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" />
  <img alt="GitHub" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png" />
  <img alt="Grafana" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182534075-4962068b-4407-46c2-ac67-ddcb86af30cc.png" />
  <img alt="HTML" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
  <img alt="Java" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
  <img alt="Linux" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Packer" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/packer/packer-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="Powershell" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/powershell/powershell-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Python" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" />
  <img alt="React" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Terraform" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" />
</p>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

###  Github Analytics
  
![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hackedrico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)

![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HackedRico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true)

![Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hackedrico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)


<!-- BELOW ARE OLD ASSETS --> 
<!-- 
## Extras
<img src="https://leetcode-badge-showcase.vercel.app/api?username=HackedRico&theme=nightowl" alt="LeetCode Badges"/> 
-->


<!-- OLD COLOR THEME
###  Github Analytics
  
![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hackedrico&theme=aura&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)

![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HackedRico&theme=aura&hide_border=true)

![Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hackedrico&theme=aura&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

-->

<!--
### 🚀 Projects Worked On
---

- [MITRE-ATT&CK Evaluations](https://github.com/attackevals/ael)

-->

<!--
### 🛠️ Currently Learning
---

- Full Stack Development
- CompTIA PenTest+
-->

<!-- Cool Assets 
<!-- 🌌 Overview -->

<!-- --- -->
<!-- Username has to be Lower case -->

Commit message:

About Me & The End Sections
Signed-off-by: Ricky Chen <124005584+HackedRico@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# 👾 Hello! I'm Ricky,

<!--
### 🌌 Overview
---
-->

<div align="center">

[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=black)](https://leetcode.com/HackedRico)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)]()


![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

### About Me

</div>


- 🐢 I'm a Sophmore at the University of Maryland majoring in Computer Science - Cybersecurity and minoring in Statistics
- 🔒 I'm passionate about Cybersecurity and dedicated to making it a lifelong pursuit
- 🛠️ I'm tackling challenges on HackTheBox, CTFs, and LeetCode to hone my skills
- 📖 I'm studying Web Application Security and Security Automation
- 🤝 I'm actively contributing to open-source projects and supporting others with their innovative products


<div align="center">

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

  
### Languages And Technologies

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Ansible" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/ansible/ansible-original.svg" />
  <img alt="AWS" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="Azure" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Bash" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192158606-7c2ef6bd-6e04-47cf-b5bc-da2797cb5bda.png" />
  <img alt="C" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/c/c-original.svg" />
  <img alt="C++" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" />
  <img alt="CSS" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg"/>
  <img alt="Docker" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" />
  <img alt="GitHub" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png" />
  <img alt="Grafana" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182534075-4962068b-4407-46c2-ac67-ddcb86af30cc.png" />
  <img alt="HTML" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
  <img alt="Java" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
  <img alt="Linux" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Packer" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/packer/packer-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img alt="Powershell" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/powershell/powershell-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Python" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" />
  <img alt="React" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
  <img alt="Terraform" width="40px" style="padding-right:20px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" />
</p>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

###  Github Analytics
  
![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hackedrico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)

![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HackedRico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true)

![Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hackedrico&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif)

### 🔜 Stay tuned for more!

</div>




<!-- BELOW ARE OLD ASSETS --> 
<!-- 
## Extras
<img src="https://leetcode-badge-showcase.vercel.app/api?username=HackedRico&theme=nightowl" alt="LeetCode Badges"/> 
-->


<!-- OLD COLOR THEME
###  Github Analytics
  
![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hackedrico&theme=aura&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)

![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=HackedRico&theme=aura&hide_border=true)

![Language Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hackedrico&theme=aura&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

-->

<!--
### 🚀 Projects Worked On
---

- [MITRE-ATT&CK Evaluations](https://github.com/attackevals/ael)

-->

<!--
### 🛠️ Currently Learning
---

- Full Stack Development
- CompTIA PenTest+
-->

<!-- Cool Assets 
<!-- 🌌 Overview -->

<!-- ### 👨🏽‍💻 Languages and Technologies -->

<!-- --- -->
<!-- Username has to be Lower case -->
